[Music]
Wow
scientists found 13 signs of exceptional
intelligence do you have any of them
let's check it out
it's hard to argue with the fact that
some of us are smarter than others yes
there are so few of us it might be
offensive but it is what it is and
there's no denying it we usually take IQ
tests to measure a person's mental
abilities but as it turns out it's not
always necessary what does it mean if
you were a messy person and someone lazy
be smart we're going to tell you about
13 traits of intelligent people that
will help you recognize them without any
tests you can use these signs for self
analysis counting down number 13 they
love cats
yes scientists really think that
so-called cat people are smarter than
those who preferred dogs Wow are you
kidding me hmm it has been proved in a
US study six hundred University students
were tested and the research was
presented at the annual Association for
psychological science the results
suggest that people who claim that they
love cats placed higher on intelligent
tests probably it's because people who
have dogs need a companion a friend they
spend more time with their pets they
walk with them and teach them commands
cat owners however are usually more
introverted they like being alone which
means they have more time for reading
watching movies and learning something
new
how much do you agree with this tell us
in the comments section below
[Music]
number 12 they easily adapt intelligent
people adapt to the changing environment
easier than less intelligent they either
change their opinions or the environment
itself anyway development throughout the
whole life means you are a smart person
number 11 you sense when you're being
lied to if you're a person who is very
hard to deceive there is a very good
chance that you are quite intelligent
smart people are believed to understand
other people's intentions motivation and
wishes much better think about the
smartest friend you have is it easy to
get him or her to do something that you
want most likely the answer is no it's
pretty hard to manipulate intelligent
people the only way they will do
something for you is if you ask them
directly number 10
you are self sufficient of course
intelligent people have partners they
love being together with other people
however they don't let their entire
lives revolve around their boyfriends or
girlfriends smart people can live just
okay on their own they live full lives
they have work they have good
relationships with relatives and they're
busy with their hobbies smart people can
spend hours and even days reading
watching their favorite movies and TV
series without feeling lonely or bored
if this seemed like a detailed
description of you you could call
yourself a self-sufficient and smart
person even if you are planning to start
a relationship or get married doesn't
that make you feel good
alright number 9 sometimes you're messy
Catherine boughs of the University of
Minnesota conducted research that showed
that intelligent people are messier than
less intelligent ones well if that's
true then I must be a genius scientists
think that this is because a person's
mind is busy with more important things
smart people know that paying too much
attention to such insignificant things
is stupid their time is much more
valuable they can't imagine spending an
entire day
sorting out socks and mopping floors
actually what someone sees as a complete
mess intelligent people see as perfect
order they organized it themselves and
they hate it when someone tries to sort
things out on their own so now you have
a way to justify why you live in a dirty
apartment and why your things are all
over the place number eight you don't
lie to yourself smart people don't lie
to themselves just because they can't do
that they are unable to convince
themselves of something that they know
is not true if a smart person does
something wrong he or she simply admits
it and deals with it without trying to
conceal it with some sophisticated lies
smart people have bigger problems this
is the way they pay for their
intelligence it would be much easier to
live if they could justify something bad
that they did
[Music]
number seven you can hold your emotions
when it's necessary
suppressing one's emotions is harmful to
health
however intelligent people don't like
showing their true emotions because they
can be used against them in an argument
it's much better to conceal what you
really feel this way you'll have a
winning position something happens just
get over it and let it go the mind
dominates over emotions so it's easy for
smart people to not cry or shout even
when they really feel like it being
hysterical is pointless action that's
what you need number six
you always make plans smart people use
their time wisely that's why they don't
rely on improvisation they analyze the
situation and evaluate all possible
options this makes them always to know
what to do in certain situations they
rarely panic and only make efficient
choices they plan their entire day they
know what they want to have for
breakfast how much time it will take who
they need to call what they need to buy
and so on
we recommend writing down all the things
you need to do during the day it will
help you organize yourself better number
5 you like being lazy sometimes now
we've already helped you to find a way
to help you explain why your room is
such a mess
hold on here comes an explanation why
you sometimes can't get off the couch
yeah like this video if you find it
useful research that was conducted by a
team of scientists from Florida Gulf
Coast University suggests that lazing
around might be a sign of high
intelligence this study was based on the
behavior of two groups of people
thinkers and active people
the second group appeared to be more
active to stimulate the work of their
mind the thinkers on the other hand
preferred to solve a problem more
quickly and spend the rest of their time
being less active researchers claimed
that non thinkers get bored easily and
feel the need to fill their free time
with other activity
you can read the study in the Journal of
health psychology maybe you've noticed
that smart people even those that we see
in the movies
often have some seemingly stupid hobbies
for example remember dr. house who
played with his cane all the time he was
quite smart wasn't he
number four you don't get stuck in the
past
intelligent people value their
experience and memories but they realize
that there is no point getting fixated
on what has been said and done they
dream and plan their future while living
in the present moment what's the point
of recalling a situation that happened
in the past over and over again
smart people analyze it once and they
move on
now here's number three you make
mistakes Only Fools think you shouldn't
be ashamed of the mistakes you of May
you see you can never move on if you
keep regretting the mistakes you've done
in the past the best thing you can do
about the mistakes is learning from them
and avoid repeating them and as you know
smart people learn not only from their
own mistakes but also from other
people's it shows how observant they are
and how efficient they are at making
right conclusions number two you don't
prove anything to anyone there is an
easy trick to understand who is not a
very smart person ironically such people
often say I'm the smartest out loud on
every street corner intelligent people
don't push their smartness on anyone
they know that it doesn't matter if
anyone knows that they are smart or not
and they also know that eventually other
people will understand who was right and
who was wrong so why waste your breath
smart people know there is no ultimate
truth in any area they are critical
thinkers and they understand they can be
wrong too that's why the avoid pushing
their own opinion it's better to
double-check their information by the
way we at bright side are critical
thinkers too so if you disagree with
something we say
no that's not right don't hesitate to
tell us what you think in the comments
section below
aunt number one you know what finger
ration means huh well according to a
study published in behavioral brain
research there might be a connection
between the index finger and the ring
finger ration and your mental abilities
well knowing what ration even means
already makes you smarter than many
people but still the ration between the
index finger and the ring finger can be
calculated by dividing their lengths wow
I didn't know this was going to involve
math anyway don't stretch your fingers
you don't know what means what yet so if
the ratio is low a person is likely to
be strong and active if it is high a
person has better abilities and verbal
memory tasks scientist Karl Penske and
halvard Evans Moen claimed that the
length of the index finger is determined
by the level of testosterone in a
person's body another link between
testosterone and length a well compare
your fingers with the fingers of the
smartest people you know and tell us in
the comment section below what your
results are so do you know any other
signs of intelligence if you do feel
free to tell us in the comment section
below like this video and send it to
your friends and hit the subscribe
button to join us on the bright side of
life
[Music]